
This repository contains the ubiboot-02 animation creation toolkit and filesystem
seed for the RAMFS of ubiboot kernel.


1. Content

  There are two scripts associated with animated menu creation;
   - create_animations.sh to compile the animation sequences.
   - pack_cpio.sh to create the CPIO format archve from the compiled sequence.

  The directory imagebase/ holds the icon templates for menus.
  The directory menuscripts/ holds the animation scripts and control files.
  The directory ubifs/ holds the RAMFS seed.


2. Usage

  For menu compilation, use ./create_animations.sh script. With no parameters it will
  read the content of imagebase/ and create a filesystem structure containing the
  animation sequences and needed scripts and configuration from menuscripts/.
  This hierarchy is written to a file called animatronics.tar

  To pack the whole menu system and support files into runnable archive, use command
  "./pack_cpio.sh --create animatronics.tar"
  This will output a file called ubiboot-02.menus.cpio which can be copied to ubiboot
  configuration directory of your device. 


3. Simple modifications

  You can change the look of your top menu easily:

  For example, the icon templates are located in the "imagebase" subdirectory. There
  are 8 image definitions in the beginning of the "create_animations.sh" script, and
  changing those will change the icons in the menu accordingly.
  For best effect the icons need to be 200x200 pixel PNG images that have enough of
  black border around the edges, or else there may be artifacts left on the animation.

  You can change the number and location of the menu icons easily:

  If you want to have less than 8 icons in main menu, you need to define the icons
  that you want to hide as empty image. (there is "empty_200x200.png" provided for
  that purpose in the "imagebase" subdirectory)

  In addition to that, you need to edit the mapfile that defines the touch actions
  so that there is no action for the emptied area.
  The mapfile is "menuscripts/animated_menu_top.map" The format of the mapfile is
  described in the file itself. Just comment out the unnecessary line with a "#".


4. Advanced modifications

  Almost anything is possible, you can study the "create_animations.sh" script further
  to create any kind of animations you desire. For example, it would be no brainer to
  create different fade effects or for example make the icons "roll away" from screen.
